Alex is a ==woodwork manufacturer== who builds custom cabinetry in a make-to-order fashion. For every order they receive, they need to ==source the material== and have the construction of the requested product completed. To source the material the manufacturer places an order 

In either case the material may be ==delivered in time==, ==delivered late== or ==never delivered==. Late or cancelled deliveries have a bad effect on the manufacturer's ==reputation==, while a timely delivery enhances their reputation. Hence, with each order, the reputation level of the manufacturer depends on the level of ==reputation they enjoyed previously== combined with how delivery turned out with the order in question.

Manufacturing can be completed only after the material has been ordered. For manufacturing there are again two options for the manufacturer. They can chose to ==assign manufacturing to in-house staff== or to ==subcontract manufacturing to external specialized group==. In either case, a ==good quality product== or a ==bad quality product== with the obvious positive and negative, respectively, effect to the reputation of the business. The specialized group however tends to do a better job, through they are more expensive, and they can only work with domestic material; so manufacturing cannot be outsourced to them if it came from abroad.

In addition to protecting their reputation the manufacturer wants to ==maximize profit==. As with reputation, with each order, the level by which profit is maximized depends on the whether profit was maximized before the current order, and whether money was saved from the current order. As mentioned, sourcing the material domestically and outsourcing manufacturing has a negative impact, while sourcing from foreign sources and/or utilize in-house personnel has a positive impact.