We are now ready to start with the main task of this experiment which is one or more sets of classification exercises. For each exercise you will be given a case description, and then asked to classify parts of the case description to one or more of the elements of the vocabulary under investigation.

The present case is about a temperature controller, which controls the temperature of a room by turning a heater on or off. The passage you see on your screen describes the case in detail. Let us read the passage together.

We are modeling a ==temperature controller==. The controller's purpose is ==to have the temperature of a room controlled== at all times. To do so, it sends periodic signals that turn on or off the heater. Specifically the controller may choose to ==send an on signal== or to ==send an off signal== to the heater. These signals are sent wirelessly to the heater, so they are not always received. Thus, when an on signal is sent the outcome can be that the ==on-signal succeeded== or that the ==on-signal failed==. Likewise the outcome of an off signal can be ==off-signal succeeded== or ==off-signal failed==. Whether that ==heater is on== is eventually true depends on which of those four outcomes comes about as well as whether the ==heater was previously on==. The temperature controller sends on and off signals aimed at satisfying some high-level objectives of the occupants of the room. One is to ==maximize comfort== via ==maintaining the ideal temperature== in the room. Maintaining the ideal temperature depends on whether the ==ideal temperature was maintained in the previous stage== and the heater was on or off meanwhile. At the same time the controller wants to ensure that the heater does not stay unnecessarily on for a long period of time. It does that aimed at ==minimizing cost==. 